how you doing losers I'm George Lucas
you might know me as the filmmaker
behind willow and that's it no other
movies that I ever made ever so anyway
we were shooting this Star Wars
speed-dating sketch and I thought
there's a better version in here
somewhere but it can only be unearthed
with special effects and digital
technology well without further ado
here's the special edition featuring
more of me
your buddy George Lucas no funny story I
grew up on this planet actually when I
got a Tasha station to pick up some
power converters and here's another
funny story it's the same sandy buckle
it was when I was living here see you
this thing I got it off SkyMall for like
300 bucks that whole thing in Cloud City
I totally did that on purpose and the
dark side wouldn't be strong in you
that's what I call my hi I'm Dan
Sullivan no Dan solo I'm his brother
you want to see how big my lightsaber is
stay on target I can do 100 pushups you
know yeah the last 99 are done with
digital technology but it really looks
like they count
[Music]
let me tell you the time not now all the
things you heard the one that you don't
really know is about Yoda you know my
brother is a smuggler but I'm actually a
pretty accomplished to nerf-herder
back in the day we used to cruise out
there where the stars didn't shine no
more but that little green mother used
to pull the hose like nothing I slept
with everybody on Star Wars r2d2 crawled
right up in there think I'm a boring bar
that was it actually I just started
this awesome Scottie baby down eh sorry
Brad Lana make the wrong one just some
you go playful he's that documentary
people versus George Lucas well I just
sold Lucasfilm to Disney for four
billion so I think I think George Lucas
wins when Chewie talks do you have any
idea what he's saying I mean is that a
language it just sounds like screaming
to me well done my nose my nose
I assure you my equipment is fully
operational but uh watch out the war
theater kind of minute Florian County
got mines Murray oh hi we can totally do
it in Hogg's bed well I think I'm
thinking it's Han it's hey Han how you
doing no it's me it's Dan it's your
brother no it's not a wrong number it's
me I was what are you doing for life day
what's that you can even hold the layout
weren't you
that's so weird you know I haven't seen
him either
if you'll excuse me
Obi one needs to go do an Obi - it's not
my fault I was just trying to get laid
Oh frankly I think Darth Vader is a much
more interesting character when you get
to see his face like with Hayden
Christensen oh I'm a moisture farmer you
know I can help you with your moisture
production my one regret is that I
didn't make a special edition of Red
Tails 20 years from now don't you want
the force inside you baby
what say no again
so be it bitch so one time I just
crawled into my refrigerator and started
crying mostly cuz there was no more
philadelphia cream cheese in there and
then it hit me why not have Indiana
Jones get into a fridge but instead of
cry he'd fly it just comes to me I don't
know it's magic